README.md, before:

## Don't forget to give a :star: to make the project popular.

## :question: What is this Repository about?

- This repo contains example code of using **Monkey Patching in Python**, including an automated test case using Selenium Webdriver on LambdaTest Cloud platform.
- This project uses Pytest framework to run the tests.

## Running the Code

To run any of the scripts from command line use the following command:
```bash
python 01-objects-and-instances.py
```

## Running the Cloud Grid Sample

By default, the test would be running on LambdaTest Platform on Chrome and Firefox Browsers, and on Windows 11 and MacOS.

As a prerequisite for this code, you need:
1. Download and Install Python

2. Install pytest, and Selenium WebDriver libraries
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Download and Install Visual Studio Code

In order to run this code, please run the command below in the project folder:
```bash
pytest
```

## :writing_hand: Blog Link

- [What is Monkey Patching in Python: A Complete Python Monkey Patch Tutorial With Examples](TBD)

## 🧬 Need Assistance?

- Discuss your queries by writing to me @ `paulocol@gmail.com`
  OR ping me on:
    - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pcesar/)

### :thought_balloon: Checkout the blogs related to Testing on [LambdaTest blog](https://www.lambdatest.com/blog/author/paulocoliveira/).

Commit message:

Adding Monkey Patching explanation in the readme

README.md, after:

## Don't forget to give a :star: to make the project popular.

## :question: What is this Repository about?

- This repo contains example code of using **Monkey Patching in Python**, including an automated test case using Selenium Webdriver on LambdaTest Cloud platform.
- This project uses Pytest framework to run the tests.

## :question: What is Mokey Patching?
The concept of Monkey Patching introduces a dynamic technique that developers and QAEs can employ to modify the behavior of existing classes, objects, or modules during runtime, without making any direct change to their original source code. This approach enables a remarkable level of flexibility and adaptability, empowering them to extend the functionalities of pre-existing components, fix bugs, and customize behaviors to cater to specific requirements. 

## Running the Code

To run any of the scripts from command line use the following command:
```bash
python 01-objects-and-instances.py
```

## Running the Cloud Grid Sample

By default, the test would be running on LambdaTest Platform on Chrome and Firefox Browsers, and on Windows 11 and MacOS.

As a prerequisite for this code, you need:
1. Download and Install Python

2. Download and Install Visual Studio Code

3. Open the project in Visual Studio Code

4. Enter in the cloud-grid folder
```bash
cd cloud-grid
```

5. Install pytest, and Selenium WebDriver libraries
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

In order to run this cloud grid sample, please run the command below in the project folder:
```bash
pytest
```

## :writing_hand: Blog Link

- [What is Monkey Patching in Python: A Complete Python Monkey Patch Tutorial With Examples](TBD)

## 🧬 Need Assistance?

- Discuss your queries by writing to me @ `paulocol@gmail.com`
  OR ping me on:
    - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pcesar/)

### :thought_balloon: Checkout the blogs related to Testing on [LambdaTest blog](https://www.lambdatest.com/blog/author/paulocoliveira/).
